What problem(s) is/are AKASHA solving using blockchain technology? (1-2 sentences)

What is AKASHA's target industry or market segment? Who are the end customers whose problem(s) AKASHA is seeking to solve? (1-2 sentences)

Problems AKASHA is trying to solve:
Malicious Actors: These are hackers who create chaos for users by exploiting individuals accounts and their data. These actors are a costly problem both financially and psychologically. 
Censorship: Companies such as Facebook have been censoring information and photos that the community as a whole want to be kept up.
Centralized Ownership: Social Media networks enjoy a monopolistic position and hold huge amounts of data from their users, and from this are able to profit on other peoples actions. This data can have huge ramifications if it is hacked or sold on.
AKASHA target industry:
AKASHA has created a blockchain-based social media network with an emphasis on protection from malicious actors and new levels of freedom of speech. Therefore targetting the social media industry, and will eventually try to promote people to migrate from traditional companies (Facebook, Twitter...) to  AKASHA




In Module 1, Don and Alex described four opportunities for blockchain technology to reduce the transaction costs of a firm (i.e. search costs, contracting costs, coordination costs, and the costs of (re)building trust).

Which of these opportunities did AKASHA leverage? (2-3 sentences)

How did AKASHA leverage these opportunities? (2-3 sentences)

Which of these opportunities did AKASHA leverage? (2-3 sentences)
coordination costs
contracting costs
How did AKASHA leverage these opportunities? (2-3 sentences)
coordination costs- is the cost spent on making sure that all the employee of an organization works together. By using a token to incentives users,AKASHA is trying reduce transaction cost.
Contraction cost- is the cost spent on keeping the contract secret, when talking in terms of traditional. AKASHA is using smart contract and cryptography to ensure the integrity and security of the content published. The owned will decide who can view the item and who can not.
(Re)building Trust: Blockchain platforms offer the chance for people to transact with those that they don't know in a safe environment. The advantage they hold over traditional companies is that they aren't storing any of the user's data on a centralized server and that it will be moderated by the user, helping to build trust with them. 
Search Costs: These would be reduced from a user perspective as they know that they can search whatever they like on this platform without their data being taken or used for other peoples profit.
Coordinating Costs: These would be drastically reduced as the two significant co-ordinating systems are the market and hierarchy. AKASHA eliminates any hierarchy putting the user themselves in control. The overarching company for AKASHA is a non-profit.






What benefits are AKASHA bringing to their customers by leveraging blockchain technology? (2-4 sentences)

What benefits does blockchain technology bringing to the broader social media space? (2-4 sentences)

What benefits are AKASHA bringing to their customers by leveraging blockchain technology? (2-4 sentences)

Privacy
Security
User will own the content
Decentralized
What benefits does blockchain technology bringing to the broader social media space? (2-4 sentences)

It’s free and features a user interface that reflects the best ideas of digital networks created in the last 20 years. Posts on the platform are logged as transactions on the Ethereum blockchain, creating a permanent communication record.



If an enterprise were to implement the AKASHA network within their organization, what corporate boundaries might get re-defined or blurred? (2-4 sentences)

Transparency will increase
Cost of co-ordination will be reduced.
C suit will have to encourage employers to welcome new changes.
If AKASHA was implemented, the organization would have to look back at the nine questions to ask when setting corporate boundaries and the following may need to be re-defined or blurred:
Are there legal, regulatory, or political obstacles to change? This would be due to the fact that AKASHA would be a new platform operating on a new system for the firm so a deeper understanding of legal and regulatory restrictions for the platform would need to be thought up.
What are the new economics of corporate boundaries? As with a new platform being introduced and installed with a new method for communication and information sharing the economics of a firm could be shifted completely. 
The risk of partners. As this is a new technology offering there may be chances for partners to invade fundamental parts of your business. This could link to trying to redifne this alognside setting new legal and regulatory policies for the organization.


In Modules 3 and 4, Don discusses some of the social implications of blockchain technology (e.g. blockchain governance; the new social contract). What are some of the social issues that AKASHA is tackling and/or aspiring to tackle with their project? (2-4 sentences)

AKASHA is focusing on providing Freedom of speech and making the self-organised instead of a centralized one.[P19]



Unlike many blockchain-based initiatives, the AKASHA Project has not conducted an ICO (see p.15). Based on what you have learned throughout this course, what kind of business model do you think AKASHA could use to monetize their offering? Recall the business models that Don presented in Module 2 when preparing your response. (4-6 sentences)

Selling record and scientific paper, arts on the platform.
Tracking details or art world.
Sharing un-used disk space
p2p sharing.


As with all social media networks, they serve more than one purpose for their users. I believe that AKASHA could synthesize the ideas of a few different business models to monetize their offering. Creators of intellectual property and peer-to-peer production are obvious models that could be integrated due to the decentralization of information which will become more accessible for people, and the fact that people will very easily build a reputation on this platform. AKASHA could use this to promote prosumers. People can use to platform to create value in whichever ways that they want. 

Underlying all of this could be the universal base income that Don speaks about in module 4. AKASHA could give a small stake to each of the users based on AKASHA upon registration. If not a small stake, they could split a fraction of a percent between every user each time there is a transaction on their platform.
